docs: initial commit of Angular Package Format documentation (#37093)
angular/angular: aio/content/guide/glossary.md

Learn more in [Angular Elements Overview](guide/elements).

{@a apf}

## Angular package format (APF)

> An Angular specific specification for layout of npm packages that is used by Angular framework packages, Angular Material packages, as well as 3rd party Angular libraries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An Angular specific specification for layout of npm packages that is used by all first-party Angular packages and most third-party party Angular libraries.
```
The "most" here is speculative, but ¯\\_(ツ)_/¯
